What!
Mr. Raul at sunset
That is someone the grand marshal dare not offend
How could I sell you weapons?
In front of the goat man
I still have some means
Hurry up
That's why.
I just objected to him being the commander
We have foreign weapons in our hands
Look inward
What opponent is there?
Mother you
Don't fall on our heads
Wutian before and after
I have given you enough face.
If you don't know any better
At your own risk
Brother Wu, if this is the case
I gave you this document, but it hurt you.
Brother, you don't have to worry about me.
The weapons in their hands
Just some eliminated hedgehogs
And I benefited from Raul's purchase
Just didn't expect
It was sold to Zhang Deshuai
They play to your benefit
How is this possible? Hahahahaha no.
Are you crazy to want to be commander?
What is Mr. Raul's identity?
Will it be taken by you?
Afraid of the wind flashing my tongue
Wu Tian, are you talking too much?
Mr. Ulurauer
Is your brain broken?
Immediately give up Li Yuan's position
Let's just say nothing.
How are you Li's opponent?
back to shore
A dead end
Tomorrow, don't implicate us.
Apologize quickly
Let me apologize.
You can't see yourselves clearly.
Believe it or not, just a word from me
Let you dig 100,000 army
Hu Tian, please stop acting, okay?